chore(release): prepare release notes for Modules 21.10 (#2338)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-21.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon BAM

### 21.10.3

> Release date: `May 26, 2023`

Author: change me before releasing

#### Bug fixes

- [Banner] Fixed the display of empty skeleton.
- [Install] Fixed an issue preventing the module installation when the 24x7 timeperiod parameter was not set.
- [Monitoring] Fixed an issue in the BA monitoring redirection.
- [Server] Fixed an issue in the KPI configuration export process to Remote Servers that caused the KPIs' states to be reset at each export of the configuration.
- [Server] Fixed an issue that prevented the children Business Activities from being displayed on Remote Servers.
- [Widget] Fixed an issue that made links to Business Activities broken on **BAM - Live Business Activity Tree**.

> 

Reviewer: Just checking.
From the board I see that https://centreon.atlassian.net/browse/MON-14460 and https://centreon.atlassian.net/browse/MON-12299  are embdeded but not reported here. Is it normal?
Not sure also to which issue this RN refers to - [Server] Fixed an issue in the KPI configuration export process to Remote Servers that caused the KPIs' states to be reset at each export of the configuration.

Author: added https://centreon.atlassian.net/browse/MON-14460 that was missing
https://centreon.atlassian.net/browse/MON-12299 corresponds to L153

## Centreon MBI

### 21.10.3

> Release date: `May 26, 2023`

Author: change me before releasing

## Centreon Auto Discovery

### 21.10.4

> Release date: `May 26, 2023`

Author: change me before releasing

## Centreon Auto Discovery

### 21.10.4

Release date: `May 26, 2023`

#### Bug fixes

> - [Configuration] For some host discovery providers where no credentials were actually required, the job creation wizard still demanded to enter credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] For some host discovery providers where no credentials were actually required, the job creation wizard no longer demands to enter credentials.
```
